OrientationEnum pages should link to the corresponding Orientation
pages.  Replace "This operation brings the crystal axes into
coincidence with the lab axes" with something clearer.

Find all instances of "MISSING" in oof2_api.xml, find their sources in
the OOF2 code, and add the missing documentation.

Pages for all predefined display layers should have xrefs to the
commands that set the default values of their parameters.

Get rid of all references to Layer Sets and the Layer Editor.  DONE, I think

Check for "ERROR" and "Error" in the build output to find bad links.

Regenerate png files from all OmniGraffle files that embed
screenshots.  Export at 144 dpi instead of 72 dpi, and put scale="37" 
in the imagedata tag.

Try updating saxon.  MacPorts has 9.5.1.   WILL REQUIRE SOME WORK
Update to DocBook 5.  Will also require some work.

Add images for all DisplayMethod subclasses.

Add a reference page for SpaceIndex and ShapeFunctionIndex.

Be consistent about capitalizing swig and python.

Change all <title>Discussion</title> to <title>Description</title>
At the moment there are 1258 Descriptions and 87 Discussions.

On Field pages, the class name should be a link.  Displacement says
it's a TwoVectorField, but it doesn't link to TwoVectorField.

Pages for Equations and Fluxes should list the PropertyTypes that
contribute to them.

Document the Equations and Fluxes in the EXTENSIONS directory.
Section-Builtin shojld mark them as extensions.
Mark them as such in the Material Properties list too.

Changing to xhtml in xsl/oofchunk.xsl and xsl/oofhtml.xsl has screwed
up <classsynopis> and <programoutput> and maybe others.  It looks like
link and formatting tags within the body of the class or program are
inserting line breaks that they didn't do with html.

In reference pages for classes, make the method names <emphasis
role="bold">bold</emphasis> in the titles for the refsections for the
methods.

Be consistent about using <function> or <methodname>.  Be consistent
about whether functions and methods mentioned by name in text have
"()" appended.

There shouldn't be separate C++ and Python "Source Files" sections in
class man pages.

Make the <refpurpose> strings consistent.  Do they have a closing period?

